So we've got to understand how to
We have a part to play.
Now, before Christ returns.
We have to be like a watchman.
Warning the world about the events that lead up
To the second coming.
And also trying to get as many as we can to turn to Christ.
That is part of our
mission, as it were, as ambassadors of Christ.
Bringing many to the truth as we can.
Look to Jesus as our savior.
what he sacrificed for us.
And what he's doing for us now.
I have a duty to preach the gospel of the kingdom of God.
But
I also have a duty to warn and tell people about the events.
The deception that is coming.
everything we have knowledge about Christ's return
And what will happen prior to his return.
see this is the thing that gets forgotten about a lot of time.
especially the three and a half years before his return, this is called the great tribulation. and then you read about in the book of revelation.
but also Daniel.
Isaiah, Hezekiah, Ezekiel.
but before his return i i feel i i need to talk about these things because they're so important all these prophecies about the beast and the false prophet.
The abomination of desolation.
The two witnesses,
the cosmic disturbances that will happen at a time.
The destruction and ravaging
Of the earth,
Before Christ tells us, because Christ tells us in Revelation 22:7,
Behold, I am coming quickly.
Okay.
Before we know it, after all these events, he is returning.
and he says it somewhere else, it's also like it, i'll come as a thief in the night.
these events are going on the world is getting destroyed we we're have been persecuted as christians.
All of a sudden it's over.
And he's on his way back.
So this analogy I have of of using that voice as ah as a trumpet is relevant.
When we look at Leviticus 23:24, and Matt may have this scripture later on too, but if you go there, Leviticus 23:24,
Speak to the children of Israel, saying in the seventh month, on the first day of the month,
You shall have a sabbath rest,
A memorial, a blurring of trumpets.
Holy convocation.
and this was the old testament feast of trumpets. this is what they did.
Um,
and the blowing of trumpets marked solemn
Joyful, joyful, joyful
And urgent occasions.
in ancient Israel.
So
For example, so when Ken gets sick with the flu,
I'm not going to run around with a trumpet saying, "Oh, can't sick everyone, can't sick."
No.
Thank you.
Right, right. Yeah, you might appreciate that better, I think.
Um,
But we talk.
emails.
We pray about it.
We get the message out.
These other ways that we do today. Word of mouth, talking to each other.
So I want to look at, let's look at Matthew chapter 27.
And I want to look at verses 27 to 30.
sorry, matthew chapter ah twenty four.
And I want to look at verses 27 through 31.
Because
This ties in to what we're looking at today.
Now,
This is the chapter in Matthew, uh,
where the disciples asked Jesus, I think in verse 1 or 2,
Um,
you know,
ah when will these things be?
And what will be the sign of your coming and the end of the age?
Verse
First three or four, I'm sorry.
anyway so.
Matthew chapter 24.
Um,
So he goes through several prophecies about the end times,
Um, yeah.
The tribulation, the second coming.
and.
All these events are going to happen, and this is referred to as the Olivet Prophecy because he gave it on the Mount of Olives. So,
So let's look at Matthew chapter 24 verses 27 through 31.
And there's a heading here in my New King James Bible, the second coming.
For as the lightning comes from the east and flashes to the west, so also will the coming of the Son of Man be.
so when he returns.
It will be spectacular.
The whole world will know a massive event is unfolding.
Verse twenty eight.
sorry.
Let's go back here. Verse 28.
For wherever the carcass is, there the eagles will be gathered together,
Immediately after the tribulation of those days, the sun will be darkened.
See, these are some of the
But then, so they're going to happen that are unmistakable.
Um, but, um,
And the moon will not give its light.
The stars will fall from heaven.
We have to
Imagine this is asteroids, comets, someone that will hit Earth.
And the stars will fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens will be shaken.
So all these events,
um the rule prophesied and he is fulfilling more prophecies about the messiah.
and Jesus Christ that are fulfilled in Daniel, Isaiah, Ezekiel, as I said earlier.
And verse thirty,
Then the sign of the Son of Man will appear.
In heaven.
And then all the tribes of the earth will mourn. All the people of the earth will mourn.
And they will see the Son of Man come in on the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.
And verse 31.
And he will send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet.
Whenever Christ sends his angels, you know there's a big event happening.
And they will gather together his elect.
He's chosen for the four winds.
From one end of heaven.
To the other.
And verse thirty one is very similar to Ah, first Thessalonians, Chapter four.
first and first only chapter four verses ah thirteen through eighteen let's look at that real quick.
Uh, yeah.
Brian, I get it to you. There it is.
1st verse 13 in 1st Thessalonians chapter 4.
But I do not want you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning those who have fallen asleep.
Lest you sorrow as others who have no hope.
for if we believe that jesus died and rose again even so god will bring with him those who sleep in jesus.
For this we say to you by the word of the Lord, that we who are alive and remain until the coming of the Lord will by no means precede those who are asleep.
For the Lord himself will descend from heaven with a shout,
With the voice of an archangel, and with the trumpet of God.
And the dead in Christ will rise first.
Then we who are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air.
And thus we shall always be with the Lord.
Therefore, comfort one another with these words.
and they did comfort the the thessalonians when paul wrote this.
because it was he was telling them what's going to happen and to look forward to this but also pray about it.
Comfort one another with these words.
So when Jesus tells his disciples on the Mount of Olives, what's going to happen? Ah, proceed his his returning, the second coming.
it would have given them comfort.
Of course, he couldn't give them a time frame because,
but one thing he didn't know only the father knew and he he said that too.
But it also gave them comfort at the time, it gives us comfort, but also allows us to understand what is going to happen.
So,
The angels and the trumpet blasts, a blast so loud and thunderous the whole world will hear it.
and as you mentioned in the handout we had a couple of weeks ago for the these trumpets.
Matt, you know, the imagine that it would go.
to the core of you, that trumpet, when it's heard, it really will.
That the whole world can hear it. Come on.
Amazing.
Um,
and it will be unmistakable what is happening when jesus christ returns there's nothing like it.
coming down from heaven with his angels.
and and and those of us with him those of us that resurrected.
so an incredible event that would be unmistakable those of us who were alive at the at that time would know he's here and you know it'll be time. so.
it's it's very exciting when we read about christ and the father's plan for his return.
But it's also daunting.
um and somewhat scary when they consider everything that has to happen in a tribulation.
And I've heard people say, I'd rather not be living at that time. Let's go through all that.
and i see i see what you're saying because it isn't gonna be horrible.
And, and,
I'm not just making this up. This is in the book of Revelation for those who don't understand.
Read the book of Revelation.
these events are going to happen. You believe in Jesus Christ.
Believe in his coming back.
And what's going to happen what's going to precede his return okay
This is not
made up. This is going to happen.
I believe it's my call.
so anyway.
If we're grounded,
In God's word.
If we are empowered by the Holy Spirit,
we can look forward to the second coming we can look forward to it we can pray that
Thy kingdom come.
Jesus Christ working in us,
Helps us get the word out to the world.
This is what is going to happen.
we have the faith that all these things will happen.
And then he will return
And set up his kingdom.
And we can say to others
Who don't know the truth, who don't understand.
who
Jesus hasn't called yet.
You know, if you don't know the truth, look.
I'll show you it's right here in the Bible.